[Music]
[Applause]
professional football in America is a
special game a unique game played
nowhere else on earth it is a rare game
the man will play it make it so
okay let's start with this tom brady's
the best quarterback I've ever seen in
my life he's the goat you say what he's
almost like not human Brady wasn't
something happens every year you're not
gonna find that six round quarterback
who becomes a Hall of Famer is just
ain't gonna happen
Patriots players were asked throughout
the week if Brady is the greatest
quarterback of all time the answer is
yes and yes absolutely yes we have one
of the best quarterbacks ever played a
game the guy's the greatest of all time
he's the Michael Jordan of football with
a go let's talk the greatest of all
times it is Brady the best lowest Tom
Brady's here he got that number one spot
many of them and I would agree regard
him as the best of his generation I deal
with my opponents a little bit like I
handle my love life I make sure I leave
a lasting impression what Tom Brady
brings to the table is greatness Tom
Brady where does he stand for your best
for the greatest ever late some up best
ever best to have the best in the game
best quarterback to have ever played the
game is Tom Brady in my opinion without
a doubt just based on what he's been
able to accomplish over the course of
his career tom has been an elite
quarterback in this game for so long you
can play that good that consistently
great year after year
nobody's ever nobody's ever by any
metric Tom Brady's legacy is cemented
his greatness unquestioned should he be
considered the greatest ever 100 percent
how great is is Brady iris Brady's the
best of all time
I know Brady you'd be my number one and
I played with John Elway but Brady would
be my number one I don't think how you
can hide you who you can compare into to
say that he's not the best of all time
if you look at the success that tom has
had in his career I think it would be
hard to argue that he's not the greatest
quarterback to play this game his goal
is to make everybody forget about any
quarterback who existed before him
there's no question for me that he's the
goal I hate to say it I'm a Peyton
Manning fan but I'm a realist and Tom
Brady is a guy ultimate pro a pro knows
when he's going to study when he's gonna
go to sleep when he's gonna throw in the
offseason like what hey here we go buddy
see we got here master he gained his
medicine every coverage even seen every
type of game plan you can come up
against them with you mind it'll stop
wasting your time so knowledgeable of
the game he knows every situation that
he's in on top of it he can throw the
ball wherever he wants Tom Brady reads
defense is better than any quarterback I
am
right now hell of a player the play
fakes to white who stands in the end
zone who looks down the middle if you're
young enough you could be like oh they
based Steve Rogers off Tom Brady this is
like Captain America before the super
serum he's able to do pretty much
whatever he wants we need to make every
play he can do with anybody like Dale
you gotta hold him looking like you know
he's officer Player of the Year it's
always next man up and yet the next man
up always plays like a Pro Bowler and I
think that the one steady piece through
all these years has been number two all
the quarterback it's just hard to beat
him you know I'm saying he is Captain
America yet it's dad there's nobody who
wants to win more than he does he wants
to complete every pass he wants to score
a touchdown on every play he's always
engaged in the game is always engaged
with his teammates and then when he gets
that serious look dude I'm just like my
mother watch Tom Brady what a thing
about that Tom Brady that everybody
knows about him is he's a great
competitor
he's the fiercest competitor I've ever
been around Brady fires it to the right
down the right side
[Applause]
you don't know your next move then you
in trouble with this works in it it's
his life 24/7 if you tell him that he's
got a stretch 14 hours a day to be great
he'd probably do it you tell him he's
got to eat a vegan macro diet like I
think that's what he's doing now he'll
do it you know not in the way he
performs teaching every season I'm
brandy answers the bell every Sunday and
I've been doing it for a long time and
it's a real credit to him
Tom's legacy is cemented at this point
anything he continues to add to it is
just going to be another layer of icing
Briggs conversation of Tom Brady being
the greatest of all time it's over right
that ended and then you see the comeback
you start seeing the wheels fall off and
then when he got the ball in overtime
when they won that coin toss I left I
left again let's go it's over he's gonna
figure out it's not a matter of if it's
just a matter win you gotta be you have
to want it
on the greatest competitors I've ever
competed against my life
rady has won some 200 games and Counting
in the regular season but the postseason
is where he's become a legend he's the
guy that you want in the air when it's
crunch time when you need that one last
Drive he'll go to win a touchdown to win
he's a closer in the biggest brightest
moments you can compare no one Tom Brady
he completed 21 or 32 passes for 234
yards and a touchdown in just the final
quarter Plus which included a 91 yard
game-tying drive because he needed to
add something this insane who's already
ridiculous resume I think what Tom's
done over his career just how consistent
he's been and how do you think games
he's won it's quite remarkable what he's
done
Tom Brady just won't quit he's broken
every playoff record most games most
yards most touchdown whoo we had a big
championship dry that's all we need Tom
Brady you know he's not talking trans to
him you know you put 21 up my fence and
it's more importantly I think what we
saw in the Super Bowl the ability to
will your team to win versus the best
opponent the NFC has to offer and time
and time again it's okay this is about
the heavy
[Music]
Super Bowl history lit by the greatest
quarterback Tom Brady Tom Brady Tom
Brady Tom Brady the greatest quarterback
in the world man
just something your stomach just told
you that it wasn't over it was never
over just because you got that guy right
there the the mental dynamics of the
quarterback play and then being able to
literally will another team to make
mistakes
that's what's powerful to me and we've
seen Brady do it time and time again he
doesn't give a go no question about
it
they came back and won the game they won
they came back and won the game
whoo why the world welcome to shields
MRI would you please remove all jewelry
and place it in the locker oh yeah sure
no problem
Tom Brady trust shields MRI you can too
that all actually no I forgot this one
it's got a new we're gonna need to get
you bigger Locker Roger that by five
rings five rings for Tom Brady is the
first starting quarterback in just the
second player ever that would be Charles
Haley to win five Super Bowls first
quarterback everyone five
pretty incredible when you look at Tom
Brady's say that guy was a winner
handsome rich the best quarterback in
football - Tom Brady and ain't nobody up
here pretty as me you should be a
Kennedy he's got the looks he gets the
girls he's also a family guy the
pleasure is all ours mr. Brady you want
a good-looking wife he's got that tell
me what you want to be the best
quarterback ever and Tom Brady has
beautiful
I don't whip it out call me Tom all the
girls would you look like on the phone a
film and then there's the people who
always want to validate it by wins and
championships well he's got both usually
toes 4 or 5 thousand yards the season
2030 touchdown passes you carry with you
at his numbers tell me what you're
looking for
in terms of the type of it you want
stats Brady's got stats Tom Brady
touchdown pass number 59 FL record you
want Super Bowl wins these guys made
anybody brady ranks among the top five
all-time in passing yards completions
and touchdowns say looking for a pimple
on Miss America here hey is there
anything wrong with this guy the word
great is probably overused in the sports
world today but Tom Brady's been
consistently great
naked lady by chris hogan i think he'll
do it for at least five more years he's
the best ever I feel like he's the
greatest and got him play first four
games first game he comes back he throws
for 406 yards let's go dish it's the
goat one day when my kids we have become
say something that said I played against
one of the greatness I'm talking about
the greatest a great easy brace
quarterback that's ever play the game
whoa the greatest of all time the
greatest of all time
[Music]
what do you think makes a good
ballplayer six-foot-four 200-pound
quarterback named Tom Brady I never
played football till my freshman year
and as a freshman I was the backup
quarterback on a team that was owned
eight the team didn't score a touchdown
and he wasn't deemed good enough to play
one offensive play as a quarterback okay
I'm a college coach I haven't seen any
tape of you I don't know anything about
you tell me about Tom Brady the
quarterback what are your strengths my
strengths everybody tells me I have a
pretty strong arm which is which is good
I'm pretty accurate with it and I think
I need to work on my speed a little bit
but hopefully that will come in time
pretty good work ethic so I think I get
the job done yeah magazine ranked Brady
among the top six quarterbacks in the
state my starting quarterback from this
past season Tom Brady if any colleges or
coaches are interested and his coach
says Tom has what it takes the
exceptional athlete and usually one
that's the world-class athlete that
makes it he is the person that has the
willingness to make the commitment to be
able to go that extra mile Brady never
developed into a blue chip recruit but
he caught the attention of the maize and
blue the University of Michigan opened
its doors to it it's a rare moment when
a kid will show up at my office saying I
need some support he says I want to be
the starting quarterback admission he
came back the next day he sat down right
in front of my desk he said coach
leave and I'm gonna prove to you that
I'm the best quarterback he was in the
office every week he would he would show
up Friday before a game every game my
job was to convince him that whether he
ever started a game at Michigan that
he's got to be prepared to be the best
player on the team the coach cars thing
was always the tie goes to the
upperclassmen I remember Tommy being a
little nob you know mad about that and
thought about transferring and thought
about going back home to Cal or
something like that
Brady was considering transferring after
he lost the battle for the starting
quarterback job to senior Brian Griese
everyone that wants to leave doesn't
want to leave because they made a choice
they chose Michigan and they wanted to
work but not starting breaks your heart
and if he's doing his job to be the
absolute best possible competitor on
that floor on that field period he'll
have a shot by his sophomore season
Brady was pushing number 14
senior Brian Griese remember we're
talking about a 20 year old guy his guy
was hungry to be the best
he was trainable coachable and hungry
greasy and Tommy were there attire I
mean they're not gonna know
who's gonna start my job was convincing
with or without football he was going to
be great by his junior year Brady had
won the starting job still he continued
to meet with Harden he has mastered his
insecurities in his junior year Brady
started every game and won ten of his
final eleven Brady hasn't played at
Michigan in over a decade but the
mindset he adopted there while trying to
win the starting job remains with him to
this day
but to remain this starter his senior
season he would have to fend off
sophomore drew handsome before even
coming to Michigan Henson was a state
hero he thought he had two good
quarterbacks one to play in both and he
was said he was gonna go at the hot hand
he probably was the most highly touted
athlete that come to Michigan at least
in my memory he is incredible talents I
mean faster and I was stronger quicker
more elusive Tommy was the clerk if he
was the captain of that team he was the
leader to team and he was the best
quarterback in that team Bardon on a
skinny guy in that team Tom time and
again his senior year start that game
off well and then so many times Tom
would come back in and rescue the
situation and pull out the win for
Michigan coach Carr said all right Tom
you're gonna start the games Drew's
gonna have played the second quarter
games then we're gonna decide you know
who plays after that the Wolverines got
in the 17 point hold with Henson and
Brady was asked to dig them out of it
[Applause]
[Music]
a chance to talk to some NFL personnel
this one director of player personnel
said he understood why Michigan is
continuing to try to get Henson more and
more opportunities to go out there and
get experience because his upside is so
much higher been Tom Brady's he was
scanning slow right too pretty to be a
football player but he was smarter than
everybody and he studied night and day
day and I said yeah but Brady's the guy
with the experience he's the captain 10
wins last year he said yeah but he
doesn't play Henson he's got a problem
because then hits it's gonna go he's
gonna go play baseball
ready threw for 241 yards in the final
18 minutes
and you brought Michigan back if you
didn't play well on Tuesday and
Wednesday and Thursday in practice in
college I didn't know if I was gonna
start the game and that's when I decided
Brady was gonna be the quarterback and
Drew was gonna be the backup
nobody works harder said Tom Brady and
the legend that the comeback kid was
born
[Music]
Tom Brady is concerned about Alabama's
defense and he should be but this is a
young man who patiently waited for his
chance to play finally got the
opportunity and then had to withstand
the challenge of drew Henson he never
complained he just performed Brady won
20 of his 25 starts at Michigan and
ended his career with a record-breaking
performance at the Orange Bowl
you
the original it's the last time I take
as a Wolverine where he got down in the
game 14 not them and came back a tied at
14-14 we got down 28 14 in the second
half came back in native 28 28 in OT
Freddy completed his 34th pass in 46
tries a 25-yard to Shawn Thompson for a
35-28 League we went to overtime tonight
Fred bootleg and through it the Shawn
Thompson after a Bama answered with a
touchdown the routine extra point was
anything but as kicker Ryan Luger missed
the gimme sending the Wolverines home
with a 35 34 win they scored and to make
it 35 34 and they kick the extra point
miss the extra point we won in overtime
make no mistake Tom Brady careless
through that game
he believed
because you about being the comeback kid
you didn't want to have to wait to the
fourth quarter to bring the team back
but you did a tremendous job what better
way to go as a fifth year senior
[Music]
you
he would sing Brady's achievements at
Michigan would have won the admiration
of pro teams looking for a quarterback
in the upcoming draft but it didn't
happen that way
you
we were led to believe that news can be
drafted possibly second round probably
third round they kept cold water back
veins and we Kevin's being stunned grant
a five to something one of the slowest
quarterbacks in the combine you know
so-and-so get picked and then there's
nine more picks gone until one team that
you think was interested you know that's
you're pretty anxious the things that
make him special would I ranked him
physically as one of the best probably
not at the combine when you watch Tom
you saw this tall gangly looking kid
look like having ever seen a weight room
I remember taking a walk with my dad and
mom around the block
tom was not drafted in the first round
that's well-documented later in the
draft didn't even start was often pulled
at Michigan so he had a different path
to the NFL it was just a tough day you
know does he wow you throwing the ball
mm-hmm there were some other guys I
could shoot it and he had just an okay
arm he throws the ball better than
Marino is busy throat better than Jim
Kelly or Warren Moon or John Elway is he
more athletic we all saw the combine
tape is 40 time and that vertical jump
in 32 years of doing this we talked
about 576 quarterbacks
he was number 576 I just remember being
there with my mom and dad it does seem
like tom is almost obsessive still to
this day about the draft and about
Michigan and not being royalty day one
in the lead you know they just were so
supportive of me and and they take it as
emotional as I do
did his coaches at Michigan really stand
on the table and say this is the
greatest thing since Joe Montana no not
even close so I went up to him in the
locker room before he came into the
interview room and I guess said hey he
just broke Montana's touchdown record
and Collinwood he said to me he goes
pretty cool not bad for a sixth round
pick probably I always wanted to be a
49er
and that would have been great in fact
if we drafted him I probably would still
be Koecher there this is the draft
report on you basically it goes poor
build skinny lacks great physical
stature and strength we're in the draft
room here it was the fifth round we
already had three quarterbacks at the
time we had just signed our number one
quarterback to apply so for a lot of
money lacks mobility and ability to
avoid the rush lacks a really strong arm
can't drive the ball downfield does not
throw a really tight spot if Brady
couldn't win the starting job at
Michigan
how could he start in the pros one of
the real troubling parts was the
Michigan situation and the fact that
really they were trying to replace him
as their starting quarterback and say
okay they don't really want this guy as
I start a quarterback they want another
guy well what's the problem here system
type player who can get exposed if
forced to add lifts and gets knocked
down easily that kind of gets me fired
up because I begged him you know but the
head of these people know Brady's still
on the board
only one man saw something in Brady the
late dick ray lines the Patriots
quarterback coach I sent dick to see a
couple quarterbacks prior to the 2003
and you know he really came back and
felt like that Tom would be the best fit
for our system and our team we had an
opportunity to take ins in the 2000 NFL
draft a quarterback who would become one
of the best of all time and with the
hundred and ninety-ninth overall pick
they selected a skinny quarterback from
named Tom Brady there's nothing we could
really do about the whole Hansen
situation we just had to evaluate what
we saw you know fine when the Patriots
called I was so excited you know I was
like I don't have to be an insurance
salesman you know he got drafted and we
were jubilant we all missed on Rainey
including the Patriots cuz if they knew
he was gonna be that good
they wouldn't have waited till the sixth
round at this point maybe he's lightened
up a little bit but he felt he was so
mishandled and and it was so unfair
classic case of where the NFL just can't
see around the corner and why this thing
is not anywhere near the exact science
that they like to pretend it is he's
become one of the greatest quarterbacks
of all time and that doesn't really have
anything to do with Bill and I that has
everything to do with Tommy Brady if we
were smart we would have drafted him
sooner than 199th overall that's the
truth he is he's transcendent and way
people look and evaluate quarterbacks
this guy he kills you with his mind his
heart and this incredible will to be
great
mind is something that you cannot um the
mind in the heart you can't out way
there's no combine that could measure
and stick for that athletes have a
chance to be great because they can run
really fast or they can throw the ball
accurately but they're not great because
of those things they're great because of
the intangibles and and so that's what
is lost when you're talking about you
know some of the ways that these teams
are evaluating players you know and they
want to do it through analytics soon and
you can't do that when it comes to
people and so with Tom no one no one
understood what he had within him heart
they didn't understand what drives
somebody we did
open up his chest and look at his heart
we didn't look at that I don't know if
anybody did he is he's like winning a
lotto man you know all the ups and downs
the Michigan and the guy the guy is the
most accomplished quarterback in NFL
history
you
I remember the first time you got me
called me Kyle Kyle Brady let's ident
today Kyle when I said hey mr. Kraft I
said I'm Tom Brady I said I know who you
are you're a six round draft choice oh
yeah of course you know I know you're a
quarterback I seen you play you're doing
a good job
I said well and I just want to tell you
it's you know one of the best decision
you ever made picking me he looked me
like a laser eye the eye and he said
that's right and I'm the best decision
this organization has ever made he was
talking he said I'm a beat out drew
bledsoe
when I go we caught on her coach ago
coach this is Drew Bledsoe Pro Bowl
quarterback Brady worked his way up to
being drew blood cells Baga
he was I'm telling you and she starts
throwing that ball harder at me and
harder I got no gloves on he's ripping
my hands to to shreds because I'm gonna
beat him not you just watch all right
they're good and I always thought you
know what once I get my shot I'm gonna
be ready I'm gonna really take advantage
of that like bro get down and get out of
the way
[Applause]
the rest was history and I knew when he
got hurt that there's no late I'm using
to get that job back to Drew the story
is well-known
Bledsoe never reclaimed the starting job
Brady never looked back like Brett Favre
you know he never came off the field
never even gave him a chance there any
other quarterbacks to get his job that's
how I feel I don't ever want anyone to
ever think man maybe someone can do
Tom's job better than he can do it Tom
Brady has been put into quarterback and
Drew Bledsoe taken out Brady led the
Patriots to the AFC East title in 2001
twice reading the Colts in future rival
Peyton Manning interesting to have that
type of humility while carrying a chip
on your shoulder there's something that
drives and says I want to prove
everybody wrong and I'm gonna do it
again and again and again
[Music]
[Applause]
over his career he has done nothing but
win football games then after an upset
in Pittsburgh it was on to the Super
Bowl Tom Brady wasn't supposed to be
anything I think Tom is definitely
driven by the fact that people don't
think that he's as good as he is and I
think that's just a driving force in his
career
[Music]
would never come out and to say you know
I'm the best quarterback in football but
by the way he carries himself especially
in the huddle all of his teammates have
always talked about you cannot tell
Brady anything he's thinking give me the
ball
get out of the way run your plays I'll
get us down the field I'll win this game
with the score tied late in the game
many expected New England to run out the
clock
Tom Brady is the doing the Patriots
because he is that little guy on the
helmet
[Music]
now you know in those last two minutes I
got a glimpse of what Tom Brady would
become he's a guy that know situations
too big 41 seconds left
instead the Patriots gambled any
quarterback in the world with two
minutes left in the game on the line who
would you want I know Tom Brady find
ways to win games for you ready drops
back to throw look fires right and let
the Patriots will do a championship
fires down the
[Applause]
[Music]
and even if it's him taking a Super Bowl
ring from me I couldn't help but
appreciate what Tom did in Super Bowl 36
a surprising feat for the hundred and
ninety-ninth pick in the 2000 Draft this
guy's overrated this guy can beat by
double moves and everything that he said
when he left them we're in trouble
[Music]
on the right side it is boom boom boom
boom
Tom Brady has to fight and scratch to
get people to really understand that he
is as good as anybody else in this
league of that position in the 2003
season Brady led the Patriots to another
Super Bowl another last-minute
game-winning drive another Super Bowl
MVP award
to me what separates really good players
from great players executes while under
pressure the biggest gains the greatest
stage I think that's what playing
quarterbacks all about and is his fears
in brief moments
[Music]
[Applause]
a year later Brady became the youngest
quarterback to win three Super Bowl
titles
[Music]
winner of three Super Bowls in his first
four seasons as New England starting
quarterback Tom Brady's wholesome image
stands in stark contrast to a sports
world that gyrates with narcissism Brady
is the big tall strapping dark-haired
congenial all-american guy and the great
thing about him is is that his public
persona doesn't include an ego I'm
walking into this locker room this
storied franchise and I run into Tom in
the hall and you're kind of like how do
I handle this so I introduced myself
like you know like what do you do
the Patriots used to have a separate
media session for the quarterback when
Tom Brady took over the starting job he
refused to do that because he didn't
want to stand out on the rest of his
teammate and and he extends his hand he
goes hey hey Chris I'm Tom nice to meet
you I'm like I know who the hell you
like you know I'm a car junkie yeah go
get yourself something nice he said how
can I go out and buy a car like that
when I see my offensive lineman driving
pickup trucks and stuff like that he
said I wouldn't feel right you don't
need to introduce yourself I should be
introducing myself to you but that's the
type of guy he is and every day in the
locker room he would be engaging with
his teammates throwing the ball with the
C as opposed to you give me your front
shoulder closed
a little 6-inch step left bicep as close
to your ear as you can he's assi Nelson
in an Ozzy Osbourne world you know this
guy pulls it off and it seems legit he
throws interviews he used the word neat
four times Tom Brady should be number
one on every list
great American list most defined
cheekbone lists makes odds coolest he
doesn't get in trouble off the field you
know he takes less money
come on but it takes less money to stay
here it's almost like what's the catch
when I watch myself play at times I
still don't think I'm very good man
you're still not very fast you know you
got a decent heart he's the model
athlete in his country I mean at the
timing we've had so many issues and
sports just just the lack of trust in
sports Tom Brady is what he is this is
no act when he's sitting there aw shucks
I can't believe this is happening to me
he does not believe this is happening to
them
who would be the quarterback you'd want
to catch one more pass from one more
pass from I'd have to go up here with my
boy Tom when did the relationship start
with which you and Tom you know as
quarterbacks it takes some time but when
did it actually click for you guys
[Applause]
I think it clicked when when I came
became a New England Patriot he set the
NFL single-season record two touchdown
passes I think a lot of people look at
double 23 touchdowns and think that was
just pitching catch no that was us been
on the same page collectively as they as
the offensive unit and individually with
him and him being on the same page at
all time Randy Moss for the first pass
at over 40 yards of the season and Brady
and Moss were just getting started he
loves to play football he loves being
coached
I think anybody that comes to our team
that's why you're coming to our team you
know they accidentally Renny thing that
you need Randy I said no just maybe give
me a Monday here and there but the one
thing that I want you to do I want my
locker want my chair right beside tom
brady's and the reason why is because I
study Tom Brady I studied that offense I
understood how they click I wanted to be
able to get back to playing the style
that I knew how to play and if I was on
the same page with Tom Brady
airing it out to mossy Jam 28 yards
that's to 29 feet nine minutes to go at
101 when he wins every time if he's
taking a guy from the local high school
there in Attleboro or he's taking
Roblin grunty he expects you to go out
there and try to win every time he
throws you the bulky touchdown more than
enough time for Brady to fund Wes Welker
for a second time of the game wide open
look at that one-handed catch
amazing catch see if you can get
anything done Brady Tomas three phimosis
he expects greatness every time he's on
the field and Tom Brady he was on points
six touchdown passes on the day I mean
that's what makes Tom Brady Tom Brady it
makes your Andy monster any male made
Lawrence Taylor Lawrence Taylor
you know those guys are just you know
they just have that six seven cents
I believe Randy Moss 41 year old Randy
Moss
could have 1600 yards at the age of 41
if he was to come back to the Patriots
in 28 you crazy you crazy too hot for
the hot tub baby stepping up feels the
pressure going for a touchdown has it
that's Randy Moss for six more but he is
all down on the streets how many yards
Peter I'm sorry I'm burning how happy
was Randy Moss for three years in New
England how happy was he engaged
did he play every play I think he did
Brady
buying time I was with Randy Moss the
Super Bowl he's an incredible shape and
this offense is built for a guy to just
go deep and Randy is still like he was
as a player
[Applause]
even after a Hall of Fame ceremony in
August goes into the Hall of Fame puts
on the jacket Randy could come out of
retirement and have 1,600 yards back
Grady look at the boss
touchdown pictures why is 1600 yards
amber because Antonio Brown led the NFL
in receiving yards with 1,500 and 33
this year I am saying Randy Moss at the
age of 41 play-action fake ball
put together with Brady put together
with McDaniels put together with
Belichick could still leave the league
in receiving yards right now I have to
say Tom I think that you know there's a
lot of quarterbacks that I did have
success with I had some great times with
cold pepper I loved playing with Jeff
George a love playing with Gus Marat
love playing with Tom Brady but just
being able to catch one more pass man I
would love to catch one for Tom but the
quarterbacks that I just named man we're
good quarterbacks we understood one
another and I always like the
quarterback they can just get it to me
you know don't put a lot of floating in
the air a lot of balloon balls I don't
like that get me the ball so I can make
something happen and those guys that are
named were able to get me the ball make
it happen but if you're actually one
more pass then I'm going with 12 12 give
me one more here is again like a statue
in the pocket
NASA's first touchdown as a patriot
there's no way than any of us really
thought the Tom was gonna become the
quarterback that he became the NFL
here's the guy that's you know one of
the greatest quarterbacks in history yet
he still has a chip behind his shoulder
but I come to the Patriots that's how I
treat Wednesday Thursday and Friday
right here hey this group here is gonna
be why we went right here all right
let's play our best we've been putting
in the tank you know I'm saying
we had a big championship try that's all
we need that's what's driving the kid to
this day he said I'm driven by
insecurity I still think somebody's
chasing me from behind they're gonna
take it all away from me well that can
be the greatest motivator in life I mean
even for Tom Brady who seemingly has it
all let's get something let's pull
something out today
no I'm saying hey let's all go play our
best huh last time fun will be upon
these boys huh let's do it
[Applause]
[Music]
you guys are on the five-yard line
everybody thinks the movies give the
ball to Marshawn instead quarterback
passes it interception Super Bowl over
people were calling it the worst play
call in the history of Super Bowls
what's your take on that were you
convinced you were getting the ball yes
I was cooking free agent out of West
Alabama intercepting the ball roll line
[Music]
[Applause]
breaking news this just in our Andrew
bran is reporting that the court has
decided to rule in favor of the NFL
resulting in Tom Brady being suspended
for the first four games of the season
again this just came down so haven't had
much time to digest it but skip what's
your reaction it's outrageous
it just makes me sick because I said
from the start you can't fight city hall
and Tom Brady fought City Hall is in the
National Football League and he fought
it and beat it in its own backyard in
the first round in Manhattan court and
then it goes to appellate court and I'm
just going to guess I don't have any
knowledge of this but it's the way this
country works I guess it's the way every
country ultimately works strings got
pulled and Tom Brady quote/unquote got
his I said from the start the wells
report was full of inaccuracies and
inconsistencies and overstatements all
geared toward railroading Tom Brady into
being the scapegoat the fall guy they
want to suspend me for four games for
something I didn't do
we're gonna see who gonna get the last
laugh at the end of this season Tom does
the same thing he does every year take
over the world
they plays on three one two three men
pipes for Tom brandy nineteen strength
lesion
franchise-record
[Applause]
let's go are you happy I'm not happy I
have I'll be happy
another one just suspended four games
last year and came back and played
flawless backed up bouncing on his feet
looks down the middle missing four games
he stares like a twenty to one ratio an
interception two touchdowns like this
guy is amazing immediately but Tom Brady
was under pressure and couldn't throw it
man the guy missed four games he do two
interceptions yeah 30 touchdown passes
Brady's remarkably consistent mechanics
produce a throwing motion that no matter
the location of the past consistently
takes thirty nine hundredths of a second
[Applause]
this precision timing enables him to
maintain his mechanics even when
throwing crossing patterns at 61 miles
per hour
[Applause]
ten miles per hour faster in a typical
hard pass in the NFL Brady is Joe
Montana accurate like and and what that
is is he doesn't miss like I mean the
yards after the catch every single throw
from Brady these guys are on the move I
mean it's it's so on the money to
connect with receivers in perfect stride
twenty yards away
we found Brady can fire his arm forward
at an angular velocity on par with a
major league pitcher he's the best at
not just throwing people open but
hitting them in stride and still hit a
target the size of a dinner plate pretty
incidental to me but the official
standard right there he's the best at
throwing it in a spot when somebody's
not open to draw the flag have to do
that the commissioner framed and
railroaded Tom Brady to get even with
the Patriots for their history of
cheating I don't believe he had anything
to do with deflate gate deflate gate do
you think this is something that the
Patriots intentionally did you know what
I have no idea when you're out there
playing you know in front of 70,000
people like a home crowd you're gonna
think about you're just reacting to the
game I don't certainly think about the
football yeah can I give it a go
[Laughter]
[Applause]
they wanted me to talk about the flag
gate but I wasn't want to disrespect mr.
Kraft like that you know talk about
deflated balls at a 75 year old man it's
Brady the best quarterback of all time
probably I mean I think I think
obviously if they win and he in he's a
five-time Super Bowl champion I don't
think you can you could argue that you
just demonstrated is that it is easier
to throw and catch yes under-inflated
footballs 14 14 14 division championship
scene 11 AFC championships 7 Super Bowls
are you kidding me the model of
consistency in an era of football where
that is extremely difficult to do and by
the way in the second half of that game
against the Indianapolis Colts that
fateful night in Foxborough when the
footballs were legally inflated what did
he do they brought in properly inflated
footballs in the second half the
Patriots were more dominant in that half
than they were in the first half if I
don't know something I don't know
something I don't know what to say other
than that
[Music]
what are you doing the Super Bowl he
destroyed the Legion of boom in the
Super Bowl with legally inflated
footballs my plan the greatest fourth
quarter I have ever seen a Super Bowl
quarterback play against one of the
all-time best defenses and certainly
secondaries
[Music]
the quarterback that I had the most
faith in had the most faith in is the
one that everyone should have the most
faith in because he's proven it over a
long period of time because he has the
hardware the statistics every single
objective metric to prove it the
quarterback you have the most faith in
is Tom Brady apparently his wife Gisele
awoke in the middle of the night and
Brady was not by her side but rather
studying film at 3:30 in the morning and
Randy's in a tight split and then you
can run him back on a cross across the
field if it's like one cover right you
know maybe you have to place like that
in the plan mm-hmm then take advantage
of oh we played against him he just
takes whatever the defense gives him I
love the way if you sit back in his own
he'll take the five yard check now he'll
dump it down 100 yards all the way down
the field if that corner starts running
high for the backside post and you can
do a flag - yeah he does a great job of
being cerebral in the pocket making sure
that he can avoid the running to check
their arms or deep passes whatever you
do good they try to take it away from
you and that's what makes Tom Brady so a
great kid and then when his takes it the
heat then the z-waves it back to the
right right flag who's the best
quarterback right now Brady or Rodgers I
have to go over Tom Brady oh but I love
Aaron Rodgers to to rely on things that
everyone can see
- hold up papers and rings and say let
me tell you something this man's resume
significantly by the way we're not
talking a little bit we're talking to a
by a mile significantly out rates
another someone responds to me with yeah
but this guy's more talented he makes
amazing athletic throws I know and
people at home know this one is over I
win you have fallen on things that's
what gets me up and motivates me I
always wanna feel like I'm the best
quarterback for this team I want to earn
it every single day great debate Thanks
and all the great games and other sports
I covered the u.s. upset of the Soviets
in the 1980 Olympic hockey game and Lake
Placid I was there
the Montana to Dwight Clark the catch
game candlestick at the end of the 1981
season I was there
[Music]
the Kirk Gibson walked off with two down
in the ninth to beat the the vaunted
Oakland A's and Dennis Eckersley I was
there
[Applause]
all these games I've seen since then
I've never seen anything like that game
Super Bowl 51 is underway let's go baby
right job on the 31
[Applause]
they couldn't block anybody in tom
brady's we just heard him say was
getting the you-know-what knocked out of
him
[Applause]
belkin's overload the right side of the
Patriots offensive line passes back
intercepted Robert offered when Tom
Brady threw a pick six late in the
second quarter
that made it 21 to nothing I said game
over there's no way he's gone there are
no flags and the Falcons add to their
lead
[Applause]
and yet I've never seen anything like
this this was the most amazing game I've
ever witnessed and maybe I'm being a
little prisoner at the moment but I
don't think so it's starting to sink in
when the pelicans are not pointing eight
to three I had most of what I wanted to
write at that point when the Falcons
scored to make it 28 to 3 with 831 left
in the third quarter twenty eight to
three
were you not game over at that point I
really did it sitting there twenty-eight
three I think everybody's watching and
probably at the game was thinking
Atlanta's gonna gonna get there their
ring sized up here pretty soon the
Falcons are too explosive on offense
they're gonna have the ball too many
times in the second half there's no way
Brady can pull that off
wait guess who that guy is
guess who that guy is that's psycho Tom
killer on the football field with you
know the instincts of a shark we got the
greatest quarterback of all time it's
like the little kid comes out in but
it's like a crazed little kid he does
this little half pirouette unathletic
jump on the sidelines and you say uh-oh
here he comes you know Brady because
that's when he comes trotting out with
Jimmy he goes and does a little fist
pump that's when you know we start
tightening up them gloves a little more
I'm never comfortable we'd like to put
up 40 some on air but I'm saying they
never seen anything like this
love you guys let's go man let's go
it's feel plenty of time if we get a
stop bro if we get a start with that we
used to get a stopping score we got
let's go boys gonna be a hell of a story
when Tom Brady gets a reprieve or
something happens he is a killer left
his quarterback get the surgical knife
out let's go
nobody else you want to have it in his
hands
first down big conversion Amendola out
of bounds inside the 40 now third down
and eight ray flushed
you can watch film on film this is how
it's supposed to happen
yeah but to go out and execute it the
way the Bradys known it fire has left
catch made by my trip to the inside
there's a cross the goal of the shotgun
Ryan this is a fumble
[Applause]
and zone touchdown max up looks left
throw zipper a module
[Applause]
direct snap
James white eight-point game Tom takes
the snap hands at the white up the
middle I mean Tom just pretty much went
to work
[Applause]
[Music]
and Jones
I mean it's unbelievable coverage by
Eric Roe have no idea how Matt Ryan gets
this ball in there and how Julio Jones
is able to make that catch last 12
passes pots anew
that's exactly what happened holding
number 70 off
[Applause]
this guy would he's been through over
the last two years to have the mental
toughness
[Applause]
I'm holding here suck on Mitchell water
competitiveness and his fire and his
Drive and the chip on his shoulder he's
always had really separates him
[Applause]
no sign yet
[Music]
like I was 90% sure so I'm sitting there
like gotta sell a bit as a catch let's
go I got it I got caught a Super Bowl
record 14
[Music]
[Applause]
I got this guy white scored his first
Russian touchdown of the entire season
keep running that rock baby I love it
Jeremy's little Super Bowls Mary Beth
and this could get interesting
[Applause]
you gotta come back from a twenty five
point deficit back from 28 to 3 down he
goes 26 a 33 for 284 with two touchdowns
and no interceptions overtime here in
Houston
the first ever overtime in Super Bowl
history it just took over the football
game Tom Brady to Tom Brady rose above
that game and took it over the way
nobody in the history the NFL could do
they have called heads hit his head
[Music]
you got a chance you have a chance we
got drew nigh to 28 after a rally of it
was next to impossible but what he
pulled off last night was flat-out
impossible we just climbed over Mount
Everest to get back in this game
I had a feeling like they can't stop
this now no matter how great Belichick
is Brady still has to put it in play and
you know the tipping point would be that
[Applause]
first down pit conversion and medulla
julian edelman money's on the line feed
number 11 he will be there in clutch
time
[Music]
[Applause]
- away
Patriots win the Super Bowl toss me
white for James White
puts it a little runner comes it upfield
driving forward
[Applause]
toss me one for James white puts it
under the water cuts it upfield driving
[Applause]
Tom Brady sets Superbowl records with
466 passing yards and 43 completions
[Applause]
great job and Tom Brady did accept the
handshake from Roger Goodell because
he's he's a classy individual and he
wasn't gonna leave him hanging on that
one but in the end Tom Brady managed to
beat Roger Goodell the greatest
quarterback in the world man saving his
legacy that Roger attempted to tarnish
if not wreck but he enhanced it last
night by starting off so poorly and
finishing so all-time great Tom Brady he
goes for a Super Bowl ring when some of
his teammates were like in first grade
or kindergarten man is this unbelievable
this guy's ridiculous
[Applause]
can we finally put this to rest Max
Kellerman does this win make Brady the
greatest of all time for the fifth time
in 16 seasons the Patriots are
celebrating the arrival of their Super
Bowl rings
nobody has now more than five rings not
nobody has more than four rings other
than him but my boys
seven Super Bowl appearances five Super
Bowl championships League MVP honors
just finished off over 4,500 yards with
32 touchdowns and 18 interceptions New
England Patriots never watch that show
law and order that's what New England's
become 20 years of domination making it
to the AFC Championship 11 times and
north of the Super Bowl seven out of
those 11 times if you're privileged to
win you want to have a party that people
remember for the rest of their lives
thinking we might never get there in
there you have a five-time Super Bowl
champion a league and VP multiple times
over the guy that's obviously considered
one of if not the greatest quarterback
in the history of football
[Music]
in his career I think the defining
moment for me as a fan was this Super
Bowl comeback last year when everybody
thought it was over Tom Brady was down
28 to 3 it is the greatest comeback in
the history of the Super Bowl exercise
against a team that everybody and their
mother looked at and said they're more
talented right they often say that under
said they're big I'm talked about
they're bigger they're stronger they
were vicious they were getting at them
just from an athletic perspective they
they did they were just those dogs they
had that in them now it's one thing to
look at it from its standpoint and say
all right the Patriots should beat them
going into the game but once you watch
the first two and a half quarters of the
game we know who saw it it was like my
god they're just better and Dan here
comes Brady he did it in the game where
he threw for the most yards in the
history of the Super Bowl to lead the
largest comeback that was the most
improbable comeback in all of sports
history but come on nobody's ever come
back from more than 10 points in a Super
Bowl 28 to 3 and Brady just roars back
by throwing for 250 yards in the fourth
quarter and overtime are you kidding me
this magnificent ring has the highest
diamond count of any Super Bowl ring
ever made but what we saw last night is
a conversation ender as to who the
greatest quarterback in the history of
the National Football League is
I believe that last night Tom Brady
didn't just eclipse the great Joe
Montana within the confines of Super
Bowl and NFL no Tom Brady supportive
Donald Trump who had to Rico we love wet
tow Rico I just hope that Joe love tax
black and Puerto Rican next year I
believe last night Tom Brady eclipsed
the man MJ Michael Jordan as the
greatest clutch player in all of sports
history
a major salute to the goat mr. Tom Brady
on your fifth championship Wow goat end
of story
most rings largest comeback now we
talked about Aaron Rodgers owners
ability of what he can do but when you
have a guy who I would say probably less
athletic than a lot of quarterbacks at a
plate but still have the mentality of
knowing what to do with the right
situation and elevating the players
around him hey by the time I get to 36
years old Brady will be retired and I'll
have a clean shot right at the AFC title
and to see Tom in his greatness on
display one more time I mean he didn't
need to win that to prove that he's to
go and he's doing it with totally
different rosters a year in a year out
I'd rather play against the greatest you
know if you he walked away and you just
talked about that straight either still
other teams you got to get through
obviously but I think everyone wants to
play against him because he's the
greatest what amazes me about Tom Brady
is the revolving door they've had an
offensive line at the wide receiver
position it's a running back position
he makes guys better Tom does it with a
bunch of no-name players and not a
credit away from any of those guys they
play with I got it
Julian Edelman was a quarterback in
college you know from Chris Hogan was
like a lacrosse player in mom in the
Patriots three playoff games the first
one Dion Lewis had three touchdowns the
second one Chris Hogan had a hundred and
eighty yards and then yesterday Jason
White was setting records James life
isn't that remarkable how many all of
Famers are gonna be offensive players
that have played on the offense he's
ever played with one Randy Moss and
maybe Gronkowski if this continues
to the people he has thrown a touchdown
pass to and it is unbelievable from
Larry centers to Mike Vrabel the Dan
Klecko to Tim Dwight it's kind of just
like a laundry list of howls you're just
like who - Marc Edwards who I thought
was a game show host David Thomas
Laurence Moroney Doug Gabriel Jermaine
Wiggins Sam akin Kyle Brady Matthew
Mulligan Brian Tim's a guy I can't
pronounce
besides Randy Mars can you name a
polymer Hall of Fame now I'd receiver or
knighted that he's played with look at
the names on fs1 of the people brady has
thrown a touchdown pass - they have not
had one guy that he's played with that
you would say Oh boom you know I mean
give me the one surefire Hall of Famer
Frey moss and and Moss Moss other than
Moss on the offensive side of the ball I
would have loved to play with him to
play football with Brady you you see
what he's done so when you compare him
to the joe Montana's when you compare
him to the Peyton Manning's when you
compare him to two guys who have been up
at the upper echelon who have played
what Hall of Fame wide receivers running
backs or tight if but if you look at
Peyton Manning he had guys like Marvin
Harrison Reggie Wayne Dallas Clark for a
long time they gobbled up a lot of his
success a lot of great battles against I
mean Brady's had nothing yet Randy Moss
for two years Gronk's never healthy
Welker was a port returner these guys
don't get caught up in Pro Bowls these
guys get caught up in Super Bowls if you
look at Gronk Randy Moss and Welker not
even half you look at Peyton Manning and
Tom Brady Oh Brady gave you the feeling
he was better because he's on a better
team and he's clutch and Peyton was it
but there there's one hall-of-famer in
there Randy Moss Tom Brady - Peyton
Manning
I keyed his own team he has his own
players he's got his own scheme I'm
doing my thing in my time with my group
like it's one thing if you make a movie
in Hollywood and your budgets 250
million when you make Reservoir Dogs for
a $7 it's like that's filmmaking
who who's my top yes the guy who wanted
Tom Brady like when you could make that
movie out of that budget that's
filmmaking nothing against avatar
Tom Brady doesn't talk about it a lot
but he wants to go down in history as
the greatest quarterback ever better
than Joe Montana I was waiting for what
I believed was a Joe Montana moment from
Tom Brady to eclipse him over Joe
Montana
this was it I concede I have nothing to
say is the greatest performance I've
ever seen recognized as the greatest
quarterback of all time well Tom Brady
to be number one I'm still battling with
him in Joe Montana
really I am when he was a kid idolized
Joe Montana idolized the 49ers his whole
life he wanted to be this Montana as a
kid and grew up 20 minutes from
Candlestick Park and if I had a Super
Bowl and I had to name a starting
quarterback I'm not sure if I go Brady
or Montana I don't know if I'm not still
leaning towards yo Montana a lot of
people are gonna get down to that Super
Bowl MVP line to make the decision for
for Brady three for Joe Montana I mean
you got guys who done Donnie were near
what he's accomplished and mating in the
Hall of Fame so obviously he's long Tom
Brady I'm old-school John Elway Joe
Montana guy but Tom Brady's resume
speaks for itself does absolutely so if
you play the number-one sport and you're
the most dominant at the toughest
position in all the sports let's spread
them out Randy Moss came into town and
let's throw it 40 times a game Joe
Montana could not do that because it
comes down to when they played style of
offenses you know Montana never threw
for 30 touchdown passes in a season but
he was a great it you could be a field
general and also be a great passer and
that's what I thought Joe was where as
Bart Starr was a great field general or
Bob Griese
a great field general they weren't
necessarily great passers Montana was a
great passer but he was also a field
general
brainy is both of those who's well but
Joe was doing it at a different time
I do think Brady with what he's done
given the skilled position players
around him oh yeah is the most
remarkable thing through all of this
that he doesn't have all-pro running
backs his all-pro tight end is not even
playing you take a guy off the scrap
heap and Hogan you get a converted
quarterback in Edelman it's just
remarkable who they put in there and I
used to struggle with the same thing
you're struggling with now Montana verb
ready however I think it's unassailable
now I think it's clear that Brady is the
greatest quarterback of all time two
different guys but where they're similar
is when they walk out on the field and
you know they're on you win you know the
other guy always I always think about
and he doesn't get as much of love as he
should yeah well John Taylor but I do
Danny
I can't imagine somebody's accurate as
Moreno playing in today's game he would
throw she might throw 60 touchdown
passes in today's system he might and I
wouldn't put it by him was I mean he was
that good in that accurate you know
Marino never won a Super Bowl but I
played but the guy played against the
guy I know how he plays I know he's an
all-time great quarterback it's one of
the best I think it's the best
quarterback play the game ever yeah out
of him my god Montana or Marino everyone
knew Marino was better but Montana had
the intangibles in other words he's on a
better team and he's a clutch player
well Marino was doing what they're doing
now what thirty years ago give them
giving up them the defense that they
have to play now and and and not and
knowing that you're not going to take a
big shot like you know ended a few a
number of years ago now it's a lot
different than when you're standing
there going I know I'm not going to get
hit well he said he could throw sit he
said maybe I could throw 60 touchdown
passes and he threw 48 last week he say
I think Brady is the best ever and I
said I don't know you know Marino's the
ake monster Elway's the most prolific
impure passing quarterback that this
generation has ever seen
fourth and five Marino throws deep
downfield
[Applause]
the best pure passer I think that ever
played
explain how brady has become this
explain it he's pretty darn good is an
understatement yeah you know if you see
what he was to what he's become we look
at you know everybody's athleticism and
40-yard dash and you know your arm
strength and all of this stuff Brady
doesn't fit into that category there
it's not really what my skillset is but
fortunately for me that's how a
quarterback ends about either he's very
accurate great arm strength he does he
has that you know that pocket presence
you know where he can move in a pocket
and he has the clock in his head where
he knows when to get rid of the ball has
all that stuff plus he competes you know
his beats his ass off you know I mean
it's that's it
is he better than Montana I think we're
at the point it's no longer a
conversation for me is that Tom or is it
Joe Montana to me Tom Brady is the goat
cuz he's done more with less than any
player at that position we've ever had
you're not afraid I'm not afraid oh no
no no no but like Brady's better than
Montana you're saying that yes yes but
I've said it to Joe when he sat there i
thought it Elway was it he said he was
fine he understood it obviously Tom
Brady is having a tremendous career and
you know probably is in the top if he's
not the top quarterback that's played
the game none of which by the way on
those abstract qualities is Montana
Lackey right right it's just that Brady
has so far exceeded everyone's
expectation not just for himself but
what we can demand of other human beings
on those levels and so Tom Brady's the
the greatest quarterback of all time and
in that pocket nobody better Dana I'm no
longer just talking about is he the best
quarterback of all time he wins this
what I'd ask Tom is do you think you're
the best football player we've ever had
was he the greatest player of all time
and then dismiss you know and say no he
can't possibly be the greatest player of
all time because he's not a great
athlete I don't think that's the
question you know he's not being asked
or I'm not being asked is he the
greatest athlete I'm being asked to see
the greatest maybe football player of
all time and he's certainly in that
conversation Tom Brady is the greatest
football player of all time regardless
of position he has mastered the sport in
a way no other person has and here's
what's remarkable
quarterback's the great ones end up
having two or three guys who are a
majority of their touchdowns or
greatness that's 60 more wins than Joe
Montana that's the greatest quarterback
of all time
rings rats longevity leadership Tom
Brady has 18,000 more yards passing the
thing about Tom Brady in recent years is
now he is Dan Marino Peyton Manning and
a-rod but with but we've you know in
terms of all those numbers but he's
clutch and wins he's got a hundred and
fifty five more touchdown passes to make
it a case what he has orchestrated over
a consistent period of time Tom Brady
has 11 years of playing in the AFC
Championship game 11 years of playing in
the AFC champion you know sell
newspapers or magazines to make
comparison and have polls and ask
everybody in now he's in the Jerry Rice
category Jim Brown categories the best
we've ever seen period you create shows
and networks around that but we could
tell who's the best player missing I'm
saying yes is it an individual sport
Brady greatest of all time
to hell with regular season how about
all the victories he's got my vote
number one man greatest quarterback of
all time hands down Tom Brady what he
did today with that Gronk was simply
incredible to me that performance today
catapulted him up to being the best that
ever did
[Music]
[Applause]
there is one conversation that no longer
should be had will be had plain and
simple what I saw with my own two eyes
last night was the minting of a goat
goat end of story
most rings largest comeback the most
prolific passing performance 466 yards
in a Super Bowl you've got to be kidding
me
you've got to be kidding me
Tom Brady like what are you doing why
are we still doing this now you're out
here in Greenbrier West Virginia how
many is it when is enough enough seems
like he hasn't aged a bit since I got in
the league I'm still having a lot of fun
yeah so it's you know 18 training camps
and I still feel like no room for
improvement but what drives you first of
all I love the game so I just can't
imagine doing anything else at this
point now with Jimmy gia and Sam friend
I think you know it's kind of paved the
way for him to keep on going
so that's the most cliche thing I've
ever heard you say and you say a lot of
cliched stuff do i yeah well it's not I
don't think Tom's an extension of me but
I do think that philosophically we have
a lot of the same goals and see the game
kind of the same way you know you keep
doing any of you actually didn't feel
like I can improve so I've worked on a
lot of things as offseason so I want to
show up have you met Brady you ever
cross paths with him I've never met him
I've never met him what would you say to
him a few minutes I'm a fan and you
think last year's the best you've had I
think it was really oh yeah absolutely
but last year was pretty last year you
were just from a different planet I'm
big on history and greatness so no
matter no matter what you can't deny
that man's greatness in what he is and
what he's done what point of that game
did you realize we're gonna win this
thing we're it's turned body language
big I know you're big on that oh yeah
you could tell at one point you're like
okay we're breaking up
thank you
you take 16 years of body of work like
Tom Brady has produced but you also have
to look at the eight super bows that he
has participated is incredible which is
else absolutely incredible but I think
what Tom Brady is doing to have gone to
this is an eighth Super Bowl is already
won five baby wins this will be a sixth
I think there's a lot to be said for it
so I think now this is the time to
really start having fun to go get his
quarterback if we get to Brady it's
going to be a problem and we run the
ball very well you can't get no better
than that Manny is a regular season game
the Super Bowl is a regular season game
for New England it's so hard to get back
but I I am a to me it won't tarnish his
legacy it just says he took teams that
shouldn't have been there and got him
there who I know how to do it I know
where to go with the ball and you know
football is in some ways easier now for
me than it ever was gonna be a grinding
game if Falls is going into this game
with so much confidence after the last
game he's got so much confidence I don't
care what you say you can't beat
confidence a couple million dollars oh
that's it here we go I appreciate it
thanks brother Oh
you
oh man
and then it's caught broadcast II for
the touchdown
they faked that first down to the end
zone caught touchdown
Hogan flares out to the right for the
touchdown
[Applause]
[Music]
and time runs out
[Applause]
and for the Philadelphia Eagles the long
drought is over I don't think anyone
Waldo's on our team you know competitive
team and we played hard we just didn't
make enough plays and they scored more
points
[Applause]
you're angry you're angry about the
Super Bowl no it's just sucked yeah
for those no defense the whole damn game
drew for over 500 yards they had three
receivers that caught for 400 yards even
without Brandon cooks for crying out
loud
the first quarter reckon even history to
have 500 plus yards three touchdowns and
interceptions regular season or playoffs
and lose which is a crazy stat and by
the way your definition of falling off
the cliff first you told us definitively
was 18 months then you came back a
couple of months later and explained to
us because we clearly did comprehend and
understand where you were coming from
then after that just set up there and
said see I told y'all because over the
last five weeks before the season ended
he was looking like the cliff had
arrived but now you're saying well now
it's gonna be not the Superbowl but
after the Super Bowl going in the middle
see all over the place
it's Brady falling off a cliff hey if
you can't get to them then you gotta
step your game up but they have nothing
to do with Brady slicing and dicing the
Eagles defense looking like seven or
seven out there and you will see here
saying on national television right now
that Tom Brady is falling off a cliff
Tom Brady embrace that struggle more
than anybody I've ever known listen I
told you before I lost this debate a
long time ago you keep changing the damn
I cannot win because I'll get you here
you come here I get you you keep
changing it up it doesn't matter he's
Tom Brady 505 yards pass it did he miss
a couple of throws Demian of course he
missed a couple of throws there is no
doubt about that but we also know this
knowing the patrons didn't lose this
game cuz Tom Brady we know that much him
the brother put up 33 points okay he
didn't it was a defense not Patricius
defense Bill Belichick's defense they
couldn't stop a damn soul that's why
they're knowing the Patriots are sitting
here today and and they're not Super
Bowl champions
you can't tell a time Brady
in Boston I tried cops have a lot of
discretion you know and I said if Tom
Brady were kicking a puppy down the
street would you arrest him in the cops
that I would arrest the puppy for
getting in the way of Tom Brady's I
still feel like I'm the same boy that
grew up on Portola Drive in San Mateo
it's just one of those things where you
say how did this happen that this kid
from Portola Drive you've probably been
asked this a lot but I don't want to
cliche Vennela answer what are you most
proud of all the stuff you've ever done
what are you most proud of my kids
many people say who's my hero it's a
great question well I think my dad is my
hero because he's someone that I look up
to every day and
my dad
you